# hello-world
<h2><i>My first project</i></h2>
<h4>Why would I want to learn Coding?<h4>
  <p>Well, that is a very complicated question with quite a few different answers. Currently, I have a very well paying job that enables me and my son to live a decent life. We aren't rich, but nor are we living paycheck to paycheck either. So, does that make it about money? Eh, sorta, kinda. Genetics are such a wonderful thing. Some people seem to win the lottery all the way around. Good looks, financial luck, great body (with the perfect metabolism, mind you) and little to no health problems all the way to their 70s or 80s, if not longer. Others - not so much. I am no model, but I would not say I am ugly either. However, my metabolism has been a fight since junior high. No, I am not that 400lb lady, but I am not that size zero ballerina either. Society has created a problem with this, so love for me has turned into a never ending series of bad Hallmark movies. Health-wise, I would classify myself as generally healthy. I mean, no diabetes, high blood pressure, heart disease or any of those other major conditions, but a couple chronic conditions none the less that more than likely will prevent me from hitting the American dream target of early retirement, or even regular retirement from the profession that took me over ten years to figure out. Things that will eventually make my very active job very difficult, if not impossible to maintain on a routine basis. So that leads me down the path of attempting now, at the age of 40, to try to figure out what it is that I can do to survive financially until that magic age of 67.</p>
  
